Hi, my name is Marieta. I'm an
independent consultant for Jamberry
Nails!
I wanted to show you quickly how to
apply your wraps.
You're going to wash your nails with dishwashing
soap. Make sure it doesn't have any moisturizers in it,
or you can wipe your nail surfaces
down with rubbing alcohol.  This is just to
cut down on
your natural oils. Make sure you don't
have any nail polish
residue or old wrap residue on
your nails. Push back your cuticles
with a cuticle stick.
Make sure your tools are oil free, and you
have a heat source. You could use a rice
bag. You could use a blow dryer
or a mini-heater. Jamberry offers these mini-heaters. These are great because
they're quieter. It's easier to just work in front of it instead of
trying to figure out how to use your blow dryer.
So I have my wrap sheet here. This is good for at least
2 full manicure applications. I've done
some accent nails off of these. I'm going to size
up my
nail by
choosing which wrap is going to fit
the width.
I think I'm going to choose this one. (Make sure wrap is slightly skinnier than your nail width.)
So each wrap is good for at
least 2 nails  (for my nail length). Cut it in half.
I'm going to touch just the corner of the wrap. I don't want to touch the adhesive,
and redistribute oils from my hands. In front of my heat source,
I'm going to just prepare my wrap by applying
heat for approximately three to four seconds. It's going to become soft and
pliable.
Close to the cuticle but not touching
the skin,
you'll want to adhere the wrap to
the bottom of the nail.
Once I have it centered (if you have
to reposition,
reposition it gently because the adhesive is strong.). I'm just going to
work with my finger
back and forth across the wrap.
If you've got curvy nails, you'll
want to PULL and STRETCH any potential wrinkles
on the sides and the top.
and fold it over the edge of your nail.
It's okay if your wrap is slightly
smaller than your nail size ...just as long as it's not
hitting the skin. So..
I will take a sandwich baggie.
(I didn't have it prepared.)
Pull it down over the top of my nail. This is going to create a lot of even pressure
on the top of my wrap.
I heat it up in front of my heat source for approximately
4 to 5 seconds.
(A little bit less for metallics/glimmers. A little bit more for the sparkle wraps.)
Make sure to focus on the tips. .....And it's bonded to the nail. I'm going to take my rubber cuticle stick.
I don't have one readily available right now.
So I'm going to use this tool
and reinforce
my edges and tips to make sure I
form a watertight seal. Shut off my heater.
Now if you've got any wrinkles...
if it still doesn't fit the way you want it
to,
you could turn on your heater and smooth them out.
When you're ready to file
the excess off the tip (You can see with the
heat, it had folded it over
the tip of my nail. I am going to apply a little
bit of
ice to cool that edge down because it's like
shrink wrap.  It will recede
and show a little bit of your natural nail
if you file a too early when it's warm.
So the best file that I would recommend
is a glass file.
Any fine grit nail file will do. In a
downward (only) motion at a
ninety degree angle, you will file
that excess off.
I'm using my non-dominant hand. So it's a little bit awkward.
But we'll get there.
and there you have it!
Now I would refrain from showering for
at least a few hours after your wrap application.  You want some time
for your wrap to bond to your nail.
You can get your hands wet. I just wouldn't
use excessive
water. I like to do my wrap application
in the evening time and just go to bed.
Also if you want to reinforce the tips. Let's say
you
use your index fingers to pick up things
or
open soda cans... I would reinforce with a
little bit of brush nail
glue or top coat at the tips.
A day later or a few hours later... if you
notice some small
bubbles or wrinkles that you didn't
notice
earlier, you could smooth them out again
in front of your heater using your baggie
or your rubber cuticle stick
or you could use a rice bag.
Here, I just used an old cotton sock and fill it up with
uncooked rice. Tie it in a knot. You could microwave this for close to a minute.
and this is also a good way to just
apply pressure and heat.
Alright, hope that helps!  You can contact
my facebook at www.facebook.com/MarietaCJams
You can shop the catalog at
www.marietac.jamberrynails.net
Have a good day!